This is a head-gum original.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're all recording. We're all set up just fine.
Amir, you couldn't have come up with a better background.
Look at Billy. He has the crown molding.
He has the detailing on the wall.
Not a lot of art, which I don't appreciate.
You could have put up a poster at five.
Okay, there you go. Good fellows or...
No.
Is it when you finish saving the world?
It is.
No, it's...
I don't...
This is actually my prize position.
It feels like too early to talk about it.
I don't really want to talk.
Let's talk about it after the break.
I guess.
It's just so fucked up.
It's the original bottle rocket poster,
which I didn't you pay like a thousand dollars for that?
I don't want to.
More.
But it was over $500, right?
Yeah.
And then when it got there,
you immediately regretted it.
I remember you texted it.
No, I didn't regretted it at all.
It's a...
It's not...
It's fine.
11 by 17.
It's not fine.
I'll talk about it.
Because you guys keep bringing it up.
It's not a BBaker.
It's the...
It's the poster from the bottom rocket short film that they made
when they went to Sundance in 1994.
And they put it up all around Barcidi, whatever the fuck.
And then the graphic designer who made it like kept one
and then sold it off with the fugue.
And I got it.
I was looking for a point.
And what the audience doesn't know is that
when you flip the camera around,
the posters on the wall are ghostbusters
after life.
Hell of a summer when you finish saving the world
crisis, which is a deep cut,
no for losers.
Get off of my IMDB.
Yeah, when no number.
Yeah.
When no number.
Yes.
Yeah.
ARP.
When no number.
Yes.
A TV show that's named after a printer company.
Not print.
This is kind of broken up right now
into like Wes Anderson themed.
Yes.
Inside.
And then also.
And then Billy and him.
Jeff.
No Jeff and his kitchen and a mirror with it
and also bad background.
Yeah.
That's a background's fine.
So they sold my table and the process of moving house.
Like I'm just moving.
What is the fifth time?
This has got to be six times and six years.
Yeah.
Six and a half if you count me living at home
for the pandemic.
Yeah.
And we do.
Where this show was incubated into what it as we come,
which is sort of an up and it's sort of a late night talk show.
It's.
It's a rotating door featuring the most important.
Podcasters at the network.
Are you kidding me?
What is this?
Here's what we're going to do today.
Have you guys heard of food diaries?
Um.
Like you have a list of what you ate.
Okay.
Bragg.
Yeah.
You're studied up.
I'm guessing.
So yeah.
It's like it's it's where you like write out what you had
for like breakfast lunch snack and dinner and fourth meal.
Um.
Well, today we're going to do mood diaries.
So that's not just a diary.
Can we let me fucking finish or is it the marica hour?
It kind of always is.
I heard a cat.
Yeah.
Yes.
Mr. Tim recording.
Mood diaries are like food diaries.
Only instead of listing out what you ate,
you list out how you felt.
So this is sort of a side quest that I'm
tweeting to you fuckers.
For the next 45,
you guys are going to list four to five.
Mood diary entries.
Things you felt,
you know,
thoughts you had to swallow instead of say.
And then we'll read them out at the end of the day.
So not we're not doing it in the moment.
We're doing it.
You're writing it in the moment.
You're going to read it out at the end.
Gotcha.
Three to six.
Mood diary entries.
Three to six now.
Yeah.
That's the same as four to five a minute ago.
I changed it to three to six,
because that's the same amount of
months that the neurologist told me this morning
that it's going to take me to feel 100%.
For your that concussion.
Yes.
The post-concussive syndrome,
which I was diagnosed with formally this morning,
to have you're still feeling it.
Because I'm my cognition in slow.
Everything is five times more fatiguing than it should be.
Three to six times more fatiguing, let's say.
And I was wondering.
I was wondering.
To stand for this entire episode.
It was.
It engages the core and I don't have a chair.
You saw the chair too?
Yes.
I thought it was a table.
Well, it was the whole set.
If it was a chair,
I'd be sitting there.
Okay.
Three to six diary entries.
For the mood diary.
Three out the episode.
Time is on.
You're got.
I don't interrupt y'all.
Three to six mood diary entries.
Time stamped or otherwise.
Dealers slash Sophie's choice.
But you do have to point out when it happens.
Just it doesn't have to be so formal as time stamps.
It could just be, oh, when you said this,
I was feeling XYZ.
And maybe I see Billy writing down one right now.
Maybe that's going to be one of his mood diary entries.
Are we clear?
Can we move on?
Because he barely started.
Okay.
So you want us to write while we are a court?
Yeah, like just drop down.
I wouldn't say like write a whole fucking diary entry.
Yes, you are telling him.
No, I'm saying like I just ended fucking by entry.
I mean like a bullet point.
Three to six bullet points of what you felt during the episode.
Okay.
Where's your replays?
It's in.
Is it like out there where it's kind of like windy?
Is it like right next to it?
Is it?
Yes.
It's not really.
It's barely in.
More like in.
But is it next to it?
Yeah, it's kind of next to it.
Yeah.
I am at court like a.
Like going through.
I imagine it is.
This is not true.
I'm not even going to be able to believe this.
It's hyper specific.
And it's like, it can't be like, oh, this is the neighborhood I live in.
It's like, I live next to.
I live next to.
Which don't say that.
You're a moderate.
You're telling people though.
You're giving these little breadcrumbs to people.
Then you're getting mad at us for commenting on them.
It's not a very severe location.
I mean, you think a mere house is accessible.
I wouldn't put that in either.
According to the Hollywood reporters,
so how is this in the client?
I saw that.
I, okay, go on.
Can you guys riddle me this?
Why are stars not flocking to the one-shot spot?
You got to understock that.
You know, I was taking months like that.
What's up?
You got a membership in the last half of the membership.
When I was writing for Carpool karaoke,
he said last eight, 18 months.
This was three years ago.
This is four years ago.
2020 to the cost you.
$2,000 a year.
You're not great with money.
I'm not.
But Carpool, I was being paid three grand a week.
So one week of work.
I'm already in a surplus from the so-ah, I was membership.
Or you could have just had $2,000.
And that's where I went wrong.
That's.
Did you ever go?
I had drinks there.
I want to say thrice.
How many months did you have the membership?
I had it for a year.
I did have it for a year.
So it ultimately ended up being, yeah,
kind of a $660 cover each time.
But if you're under 30,
food is half off.
And then, was that even open during the pandemic?
I know Jim's closed.
I know so how's closed.
So did they refund you?
I canceled my membership after a year.
Because I was like, I don't go enough.
Yeah.
114 year old Texan is the oldest person in the United States.
If you guys lived that long,
how would you spend your extra years,
bad?
Yeah.
Billy, would you sort of wank it?
Would you sort of have that sort of crank that shaft
until you were, you know, returned to dust?
I don't know.
If I could be,
I guess cranking my shaft at 114,
that would be pretty remarkable.
Yeah.
But yeah.
Because of the age,
the age,
that exclusively because of the age.
Right.
I feel like you guys are like,
still trying to get your,
you know,
wits about you in this episode.
You haven't found solid footing.
And I don't think it's because I've done the dishes before.
We started recording,
Jeff, you have, you have your picture of filthy.
And I just,
I don't like this,
the view of me like towering over you.
It's really disarming.
It's just kind of like you're looking at up at us constantly
for praying.
Where's your computer has to be on it?
It's only a high shelf.
It's on top of the fridge.
On top of the other,
I look down at you guys.
Can you put your computer in the fridge
and then close the fridge
and then do that angle
where you like open the fridge
and look for stuff and then close it?
Yeah, it's a good idea.
I don't know if you're trying to sabotage the episode
or if you're fine with us having good content.
I appreciate the effort, I guess.
Did your garbage lid not close properly?
Take out the trash.
Yeah.
People are horny for Austin Butler's
doing part two character.
I guess my question is when?
I have things to say about this.
I think he should have been hotter.
I haven't seen it yet,
I'm excited.
I'm going to see it in like five days.
So I,
you guys can talk about that.
I just want to be able to contribute.
My only,
my only take was that I think they should have made him
a little hotter.
How do you make him hotter?
What's the,
what do you,
like hire somebody else?
Is that,
are you saying he's the hottest he could ever be?
Well,
anyone would be like,
how did they not make him hotter?
How would you suggest that they do that?
I think one of the main problems
was that he couldn't shave his head
so that he was wearing a bald cap over his hair
and he looked like mega mild.
Yeah,
because the hair is bunched up under the cap.
Well,
it was just like big.
And I was like,
if it was like a little more,
just size,
I think this would,
So what do you say?
You're wish that
his bald head had been to like,
mega mild and some shots.
And I would have preferred not that.
I'm sorry.
I'm here.
I didn't see Dune.
Well,
what am I doing too?
I was going to say,
yeah.
I've seen Dune two three times.
Yeah, it's awesome.
I think quite get it.
But I thought Austin Butler was a four.
Adam.
Four.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
We didn't really talk about the so-how house,
but I did see a tick talk about it saying that they went public
and then opened their floodgates so that they got a lot more people there.
So it became less.
It's not exclusive.
Yeah.
If you want that exclusivity,
you're going to want to get a referral to the San Vicente
bungalows.
You're going to want to get into the Nickerbacher club.
Marika style.
Billy.
I just hate how much you want to be a part of this club.
I think you like to be on the podcast.
Billy said, are you recording this week?
Can I be a guest?
I said I didn't do this.
I said I was like, I'm doing it on the zoom.
And you sit there.
Fucking unmarkedly excited.
Unmarkedly.
He is excited, but you can't tell.
That's what I'm picking a bone with.
Okay.
What time are you?
Decorate your apartment.
Enjoy the show.
Jeff got tapped by the Phoenix club, actually.
Have you guys seen these Willy Wonka experience photos?
Where was that?
Because I just keep seeing people talk about it, but I don't know what it was.
Where did it come from?
It seemed like a firefest situation.
It was an, yeah, you can explain.
The creator said, so yeah, there was this failed Willy Wonka pop-up experience.
And the creator of it said, and this is a quote, it all looked good on paper.
It was advertised as much of AI generated images.
Got made it look really cool.
But yeah, this is what it was advertised with.
Yeah.
That's what it was advertised with.
Well, there's also, there's even more images that are so clearly fucked up.
Like the words aren't correct because it generated them.
It's really sad that people got tricked by it.
This is something Cohen would put together.
What?
Nothing.
I'm trying to be like topical and act like I go into the office.
I don't even know who works at the fucking company anymore.
Everybody keeps getting married.
Acting for an org picture of an org chart.
No one fucking sent it by the way.
I don't even know if we have that.
Right?
And everybody keeps getting married.
Their maiden names are going to their fucking partners.
And vice versa.
And I'm like, oh, new employee.
Just kidding.
That's Angie.
Yeah.
Angie to Earthland.
She just has that post-nup drip.
Or post-nup.
She'll drip.
Yeah.
Yeah, we got it.
Sorry.
Jesus Christ.
I feel like I'm watching a really boring episode of Big Brother or something.
Can I just check in?
How many mood diary points?
Have you guys all entered?
Because we're about to hit the halfway point.
I want to make sure you're on page.
I have two.
I have two as well.
I'm here.
I'm not doing that.
You have to.
Otherwise, I don't dare my fucking computer.
Dude, it's moved.
You want the diary to be moved along with the point?
I mean, I'll remember how I feel, which is how I always feel when I'm doing these.
It's so much dead air.
Do we think there's something like a sound effecter?
Can't hear it.
There's like a sound work thing happening.
This show is sponsored by better help.
You know, if you had an extra hour in your day,
a lot of people would spend that very differently than the one sitting next to them.
Maybe person A would go for a run.
Person B would take a nap and patient zero would read a book.
The point is, a lot of us spend our time and our lives wishing we had more hours in the day.
And the question is, what is that time for?
And if time was unlimited, how would you use it?
The best way to squeeze that special thing into your schedule is to know what's important to you and make it a priority thus.
Therapy can help you find what matters to you so you can do more of it.
I'm in therapy every week and I benefit from it personally,
as I pursue to better myself and be a better version of myself today than I was yesterday.
Yesterday, you said tomorrow, so just therapy.
If you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try.
Finally, online designed to be convenient, flexible and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch the therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Learn to make time for what makes you happy with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Welcome to March Madness Headgum Company Edition.
This is a bracket customized by my ass to guess who's going to come out on top this March in regards to income.
What do you mean?
Who's going to come out on top?
I was going to get to that.
You guys come off and jump down my throat before I got to introduce the segment.
Headgum Pot Test Edition March Madness Edition.
Is this the entire bracket or just a quarter of it?
This is just part of it.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
So whatever.
The ceiling is alphabetical slash random.
There's people here that don't work at the company.
There's 1099 because otherwise I wouldn't be able to be in the bracket.
Like you're a 20 seed.
It's alphabetical.
You really think Angie's a nine seed?
Of course that's working, anybody.
Yeah.
We're going to go through.
We're going to put together our best March Madness bracket together.
And then in the description of this video, I'm going to link this bracket so that the list
owners can create their own bracket thus, including Billy.
I'm not going to listen to this when it comes out.
With the fuck instance.
I put a bunch of time and energy into this shit.
You put a lot of time and put the time energy to other shit.
What are you talking about?
Every time.
The new table or the new place.
There's no space for a table.
There's going to be a kitchen island.
So the living room is completely empty right now.
You could be on the floor.
I don't have a living room.
This is my studio apartment.
I'm moving in two weeks.
Got it.
This is your old place.
We're selling the furniture.
Because the new place doesn't have space for a table.
Got it.
So you're going from a studio apartment to a house and a new place doesn't have room for the table.
Because there was a look before for a kitchen table.
The new place doesn't have a fucking dining room.
It has a living room, a bedroom and a kitchen.
That's it.
And don't say you can put a table in the living room.
We wanted to have a sitting area.
Yeah.
You're going to eat.
You're.
There's a kitchen counter.
I'm in a similar situation.
That's a huge mistake.
Can we focus on the camera?
I'm in this tiny little studio apartment.
Yes, crown molding.
Whatever.
Yes, nice poster.
But there's no.
No one said nice poster.
I said nice crown molding that the poster.
I think the poster is nice.
I thought.
Yeah, thank you.
How is it?
What?
It costs more than a cost more than a so-called house membership for a year.
And that's not a joke.
Oh.
And I wish you.
And I wish it was a joke.
Because I don't have that much money.
I don't have a tea.
I just have a couch and a TV because I just want to watch movies in my apartment.
I have a bed or whatever in the desk.
But I hate.
I hate.
I hate eating here.
And it's such a thing.
I do.
Maybe you live in Brooklyn.
I know.
What do you?
What does that mean?
Go out to eat.
Yes, so you're.
As you were saying, you're not living in an area that's like walkable.
So you should definitely have to tell him to go out to eat.
Go out for every money.
I never said my advice was good.
I've been trying to fucking get us back into the,
the bracket.
So you don't like table at your new place.
Are you going to have a television?
We might.
I have a projector for no table or no TV.
We've, I have a projector.
You have a projector.
There's the sound.
You're there.
Good and here.
You stopped sharing.
Much madness.
I've got a magician.
Right?
Yeah.
We can get one.
A sign of fix by the way.
Really?
Yeah.
You stopped sharing.
How do you?
I'm not going to know who almost anybody on this list is.
Yeah.
You want a ring based on.
Round one.
Ring based on productivity.
And of their things.
Because Riley's going to be in Fiji for half a year.
So she loves his room.
Unfair.
It's more saying.
Holy shit.
What an upset.
The one scene taken.
The shell shim moving.
Really?
Have we ever seen a 32 seed advance like that?
This sucks.
You have to do that much.
Clicking just to move.
So in forward.
It's bracket HQ's website.
The UX is all over the place.
I had to create an account twice just to be able to fill out the bracket.
You shouldn't have.
All right.
Magic number two.
I got this.
John Grim.
Brad.
The Grim Reaper.
He'll.
He's using John's last name as a nickname for Brad.
Do you even know what they do at the company?
Yeah.
You're somebody who's.
It's like every.
Your entire friend group like watches and ZW basketball.
You don't, but you're still filling out a bracket.
So I'll kind of want to hear from here.
Because it means your love's basketball.
Yeah, but this has nothing to do with basketball.
It's a bracket challenge.
That could be any.
America loves the company.
America is the kind of.
I'm not going to put people together.
I can do it.
I'm telling you.
Brad.
The Grim Reaper.
He'll.
Be.
I think we go with Billy's.
Picks.
That's fine.
I just I also want as we go for people to know who we're voting for.
They know Brad.
They don't really know Grim as much.
Grim used to shoot the Jake in the mirror videos.
Now he what produces segments.
He's yeah.
He edits our podcast.
Both audio and video.
So Grim is definitely out.
Yeah.
I don't know if you've seen segments.
I don't think so, Grim.
Why?
Looks and sounds great.
Yeah.
It sounds great.
And the video frame looks good.
It's the contents.
You're actually on this week's episode.
By the time this comes out.
Really?
Yeah.
All right.
This is a must watch ladies and gentlemen.
And GDR Glenn versus Narissa Latte.
Marika, who do you like better personally?
That's not what the brackets about.
But how are there?
Another loophole here is that Angie's on paternity leave.
So it's not going to happen for her.
I'm sorry.
This is a huge upset upset.
But it's going to be Narissa to have.
Crazy March so far.
If we're looking at these seeds versus who moved on around one.
But it is single a little.
Did I make a scene at your wedding?
Kind of.
Really?
Yeah.
I've been trying to figure out why you've been cold to me for months.
Half a year.
Because I was not complimentary about the blue suit.
Because I said blue swage shoes was Elvis's idea.
Well, you ranked my wedding the week it ended.
And you gave it like a 22 out of 34 or something.
Yeah.
It's just it was in comparison to Jake's is all.
You're right.
Amelia Mariano.
Versus will con over.
What are we thinking here in terms of single elimination, right?
Are we taking the over or the Mariano?
Here's what I'll say about Amelia.
I don't know anything about her.
She is the she is a producer and associate producer of dough boys.
She showed up to our Halloween party dressed as Ronald McDonald.
Yeah.
And I truly was like, I thought somebody had snuck into the studio.
But everyone was like cracking up.
Treating her like a close friend.
Well, I was sort of being iced out in the corner.
And I thought I'll have my revenge.
Will con over.
I stout in the corner.
Dane Cardi Alvers is Ferris Monchi.
Ferris also not a full-time employee.
Editor of newcomers.
The podcast.
Jeff is on the floor.
We're never going to get through this.
Oh, you there. There's more than one round.
This isn't sad.
I thought we were just kidding.
I was like, all right.
Look at the whole thing I saw.
You guys are working.
We're working.
Because she's worried about her work relationships.
Do you think I've ever heard about that?
No.
Dane Cardi Alvers is Ferris Monchi.
All right.
Alley con versus Emma earned bird bring.
This is hard because they're both such hard workers.
And bird bringers.
But Ali is also full-time.
Yeah.
So maybe we go with Ali for this one.
All right.
Yeah.
Emma.
This one's tough because I just got worked from Emma.
That she's going to be out of town for most of me.
Right.
And I would never do that.
So I'm trying to figure out.
This is the March bracket.
Yeah.
And it's going to be Emma.
It's hard because I don't like her.
She's the one seed to basically.
Yeah.
Can you move this work to Brownlee?
Wow.
This is tough.
Marika.
Okay.
Yes.
At least.
And I hear to make her case.
Yeah.
And that's part of it.
Is she never comes into work.
Marika's nose to the grindstone.
You're in your square.
Every fucking day.
I don't know.
Two very hard workers.
So it's hard for me to like choose.
But I guess since Marika's here, we'll give it to her.
It's a no brainer as I think what you're saying between the two.
If you had to fire one of them, it would be Katie.
Is that what you're saying?
No.
Now here's a tough one.
Me versus pile.
Holy shit.
How do you.
Okay.
Micah versus Erica.
What the hell was that?
It was so quick.
You told us.
It's been four minutes late.
You forced on yet a step away from what she was working on.
To set you up to record over Zoom.
Something you did every day for two and a half fucking years.
What are you talking about?
You versus pile.
Pile built the tech platform that got you ten million.
Dollars and VC funding.
What do you have?
Period.
Anticrosation.
I don't have that.
You know.
Let's go.
Micah.
Because.
I don't know Erica at all.
Yeah.
It seems like you're afraid to pronounce your last name for sure.
Jensen.
Yep.
Nailed it.
Micah.
All right.
Joel versus Ania.
That's really real.
It was.
And Ania saved the day before we started recording.
Yeah.
I think this is Ania's month.
I might have to put up a fight for Joel.
Just in terms of.
What honestly, if he had done this, I would have called.
Joel.
If Joel was in charge of the studio, he would have painted the walls and off rust.
A.K.A.
Cole.
Joel.
Done off.
We're going with Ania.
Yeah.
On you zero.
Marty Michael versus Ryan Chambers.
Hmm.
That's tough.
Battle of the small talk.
I got to go with Ryan.
The small talk.
He's taller.
He lives in Montau.
He's better at small talk.
Is Ryan the tallest person at Hedgam?
Let's just.
Thanks.
Come on.
Cohen versus Peter MacArthur.
Two Frenchmen.
Well, Peter lives in Peter.
Yeah.
Frank France current.
Correct.
I.
Yeah.
Then it's got to go to Peter, right?
I.
I think we did at least one a mirror in the second round.
You're right.
So why don't you if it Peter up there.
And then.
All right.
Yeah.
Oh, that's all right.
John versus Casey.
What?
You didn't go back and change.
I don't want to because I feel like pile.
Built the tech platform that you got.
You got you guys $10 million in VC fund.
I've heard your case.
Because you have sort of one person's case.
Yeah.
And I don't have a gum disease, by the way.
I didn't say gum disease.
You said you had pariodontic rosatia.
Okay.
Something that could be.
We cleared.
With intense pulse light therapy with a child.
Green.
With a cold.
Let's just go Casey because I will hear the end of it.
What's that?
I don't think he listens to this.
All right.
Sage versus Jake.
It's got to be sage.
Sage is like countlessly editing social clips versus Jake is just being social.
You're there.
Yeah.
We could have loved it.
All right.
This isn't being social.
It's a great description.
Sam Masa, Nay Shackle versus Alex Burkeman.
Who's new last name is going to be Shackle.
What?
Yeah.
Sam Masa, Nay Shackle versus Alex Shackle, Nay Burkeman.
I got it.
I mean, I love both of these fuckers.
But I got to go Smasa.
What?
I got to go with my boy Shackle.
It's going to be.
It's going to be Nate.
All right.
Let's go rapid fire this round.
Shim versus Hill.
Billy, what do you got?
Jim.
Latic versus Will.
How do you say your last name?
I don't know.
Bill.
Latic.
Oh, it's big.
It didn't save me.
I thought maybe we're going to go each of us decide on one.
I don't know.
I always comes down to like,
I'm not a fucking conductor of this shit.
You guys have a bunch of.
Latic or Ladak.
Let's go play that.
Yeah.
Monshiverses Khan.
But it's got to be.
Yeah.
Moverses, Marika.
Again.
I'm too quick.
I'm going to be gone in May.
I feel like I'm leaning.
Brownlee.
Is she really going to be gone in May?
It's piled versus Michael.
Come on.
Let's go Michael.
We have the march.
Okay.
We do not have the madness.
You're going to have Michael.
I feel like I could have won the first round.
Definitely not.
Just don't stope up against Michael.
Because at least Jake is so strong.
You like show up to work and you hide in a corner.
You hide in the office.
You close the door, but it's is.
I don't know.
And you kind of like peer out and you're like.
No.
Seeing who walks in.
You make the guests uncomfortable.
Here we go.
Oniverses Chambers.
It's going to be on you.
On you.
I believe it's my Whoonge is year.
Oh, be honest.
I think it might be on your zero.
Becauseiverses Donna Hugh.
Peter McCartney.
Not my band, it's just such a historical sounding name.
All right.
David versus Maasha Neishacle.
This is Ref.
I know.
It's one double.
Half-step stayin.
Billy, you decide.
All right.
I'll sage.
Holy sh.
I'll say.
Well, all right.
Elite 8 hours. Left. What's that? You said Elite 8 hours? It's like scary hours.
All right. Converse is browning. This one's really tough.
Okay, Marika's going to the final four. Mike, I've already seen you.
Sage versus Peter MacArthur. This one's kind of French.
Anything else? Sage, MacArthur. Let's go Sage.
Okay, this is the final four. Is a little bit shocking.
Brownlee, I assumed. Shima was shocked.
Shackle not being there. I was shocked. Sage being there was not what I expected.
On your kind of sky in the final four zero style.
Flash dark 30. On you versus Sage. What do you guys think?
I don't know. Both help me a lot. So it's hard for me. Sage helps me a lot. On your helps me a lot.
I will say that Sage is really quick with her social clips turn around.
You didn't quite consider shine green. She didn't quite even sample a collage. She kind of just went straight for charcoal.
Didn't even sample more than one charcoal, by the way. Just bought the paint. That's crazy.
Let's go Sage.
That's crazy.
Shima versus Brownlee. I mean, that's a no brownlee. It's got to be a Marieka, right?
No, it's just like now I'm good. Put up against the one person on my team.
The only person that you're directly at.
What are we thinking now that we can really get into the debate?
The hardest worker in March which hasn't happened yet was Marieka or Sage.
Yeah.
I think I'm going to have to go with Marieka sage advice, Brownlee.
That's good.
Like we've both won.
No, it'd be that you were okay with winning over an intern that you hired.
I want to be sad about what's happening.
Really?
She's a assistant.
Production assistant.
Assistant to Mrs. Brownlee.
Ms. Brownlee.
No.
Go.
Sage.
She'll be thrilled.
This can be the clip that she edits.
The ball is tipped.
And their sages.
You followed in a day.
You're a shooting sage.
My computer is freezing.
Give me a second, Billy.
It's on top of the freezer.
I'm so sorry to Marieka,
Amira and me for losing March madness.
But if you're going to look me in the eye and say Sage didn't deserve that,
then I'm sorry.
But you're an unfit to host.
Host line.
The headgum podcast.
What about who edits this?
Grace Harper, I knew I was forgetting something.
Someone.
Sorry, Grace.
Do you want to increase in there?
Guys, we've made it to the final segment.
Which is mood diaries.
Let's hear those entries.
Let's start with a mirror.
I don't know what's the writing and anything down.
I felt my fault that your face is red now.
On the spot, the teacher called on you and you have nothing.
I have to take an L slash pass.
I guess if I mood when you chose pile over me was disappointed,
offended, angry, scared, mad.
All right, very good.
Two more moods.
Three to six entry points.
The camera angle reminds me of those
Dude, you're getting a del commercials.
It's sort of like this.
Top down, sort of like little boy,
Parental POV.
You're moving within your teeth.
You're an uncle to bill air.
Yeah, yeah.
One more.
When the metal, the soundboard worked.
It hurt my ears so certainly good.
Billy, let's hear that.
Billy, let's hear that mood diary.
I hopefully had more than three.
I hope they didn't prepare.
I actually didn't have four.
That's pretty cool.
It's a mood diary of a winter kid.
So that's what.
Very good.
Four 41 Eastern.
I don't have to do this Jeff.
I'd love to hear.
I would love to hear it.
Four 41 PM Eastern.
Fuller slash.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
I don't know.
Ten minutes later.
Four 51.
Jeff admitted to not know who works at the office anymore.
That's true.
This isn't really a mood I just said fire him.
Ha ha ha ha.
Four 58.
Just sort of.
Amir said that you have a reject or not a projector that made me happy that is a mood not only
that movie is back for you. Yeah, it brought yeah it absolutely did and then um five
13 March madness ends that took almost 20 minutes is what I wrote. Call it a done segment.
Dance. That was pretty.
You've touched out.
Thin but stretched out and said a dance put tight.
Right. Yeah.
Great. Let me see for sure.
Uh, when it took five minutes to explain the mood diary, I felt fatigued and frail um being
you're not for sure. It wasn't just zoom fatigue. You think it was sure. Yeah, it was just
over all fatigue. Um being in the freezer made me feel claustrophobic and also with full
last night, I'm trying to figure out if fatigue was because of what I said. Yeah, like six hours.
That's not that many. So let's chalk it up to lack of sleep.
Okay. Um yeah, so being in the freezer made me feel claustrophobic and also kind of
wistful. That was a mere idea. Yeah, so he gets points for the wistfulness.
When we were only on the third part of the bracket, I felt close to death and maligned
um and when I lost the bracket, I felt vacant but also kind of chuffed.
And then you throwing the lemon. Uh, chuffed like you were supposed to. We're having a gas
a gaff or you were a gas. Yeah, like having a gas, having a gaff.
Okay. So you feel fine about second place. Right, but then you start throwing the
you start throwing the lemon and it made me feel kind of perturbed and sour to be.
I don't have like substitute teacher energy like Robin Williams and uh
fucking dead post society because I'm not guys. This is what you need to know about the world.
He's not that tall. But they're like children. But they stand on the at the desk at the
anniversary. And the shoulder of giants. The posts that came before them and then before them.
Robin Williams started and dead posts aside. Yeah, I want you to have the energy of
Robin. Robin Williams now. That's like you. Carry out the rest of your day. Um, I just
watched speaking of dead posts this idea. Another movie by the same director of witness. Have you
guys seen that? No. No. Awesome. Really, really great. Cool movie. Harrison Ford plays a detective
and there's a little omish boy who witnesses a murder of another detective and then it becomes this
kind of awesome cop thriller where the omish boy like, I don't want to spoil anything but
basically like Harrison Ford has to sort of protect this omish child. Uh, and they sort of teach
each other about the different, uh, the inner different ways of life. It's it's good. It's really good.
It's really something sort of a sixth sense style. Um, in the sense that there's like a boy in
the detective. Yeah. Um, detective. I've never seen this sixth sense because it was just spoiled to me.
Um, or whatever the like if it's a twist or I just knew it. So I just never watched it.
Right. Same. I've seen signs. I also know the end of signs and I haven't said I you want to
watch signs anyway. It's the signs. Good. Yeah. Did you see signs in the theaters in here or was it
more recent? Do you think? I thought it theater. So afterwards, this probably would have
run the same time that the song was popular. Did you kind of come out of the theater and go?
I saw signs and it opened up by movie came out like eight years after the song.
Why'd you stop?
Keep going. Yeah. With the song. I already sang as much as I cared to. It was ill received. I asked
and I don't think that's on. You just met me with silence. Well, the zoom bliped out and I thought all I
heard was stop. Oh, I did. And then I got chest ties for that also right over the calls on a weekly basis.
I am. You're the little Omish boy. And I need to hire a private eye to detect why people hate
what I come up with. Is it that I don't come into the office more? Is that that I'm not a social
as shackle? Is it that I'm staying nay James? Staying nay James. So it is that.
Oh, I can't understand what you're saying. Saying a nay James. And this obvious. Congrats to
it.
That was a hidden gum original.